I will start by listing my resources and methods for this project. In the email I received, I was told I would have 4 hours, and I must use at most JQuery to help with the javascript. So, I decided to use a text editor (RJ TextEd) and pretty much nothing else except for basic browser tools and debuggers. Everything was hand coded, I used no generators, CSS frameworks, or pre-made templates to produce any of it. Obviously, this impacted my efficiency, but I wanted to show what I was capable of on my own. If other tools or technologies are recommended to complete this test more fully within the time given, I'll gladly redo.

HTML Structure -- No tables, no inline CSS, all non-icon images are img tags with alt text. This is all pretty standard good practice for accessible responsive designs. I was unable to complete a mobile version of the layout, but I built the structure with responsiveness in mind, such that it lends itself to rearrangement for different screen sizes.

CSS Structure -- Font styles, colors, and background images are placed in a separate CSS file from the layout for easy swapping of color schemes.

Javascript -- I will say that my talent lies in javascript, but this project wasn't much of a stretch for that. I could have done something fancier with the menus, made them slide out or something, but I don't tend to find such fancy behaviors to be very user-friendly.

What is left to do -- The biggest, most obvious problem is that the homepage is approximately half there. I went the route of starting with the top, and working my way down until my 4 hours was almost complete, and then doing touch-ups on what was left. So, where I stopped is where I ran out of time. Also, as mentioned above, it's not mobile-ready yet. I would also want to do something in case the user has javascript turned off, as they wouldn't be able to use the site's navigation without it as is. The main navigation menu is set up to switch context images for only the first two entries, as those are the only ones shown in the Figma design -- all others are set to the default "Search All" image. I tried to match the Figma design as much as possible, but there are some questions I would ask if I could -- for example, how should things be positioned if the screen size is very large? Is the width of the Figma design the max width of a fixed-width layout? Finally, I have only tested the site in Firefox and Chrome. To make this a functional site it should at least look comparable in IE, Edge, and Opera as well, but I didn't have time to ensure that.

